When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When I am collaborating with others on a project, it is easy for everyone to share their code using the branches 
  and merge everything especially when we are in different time zones.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	This is a little bit tricky, when we push content we want to combine some files and save it as one commit, so that
it wont get published before it is ready. But for pulling from the repository I think it is a bit different. It would be
comfortable if git automatically sync's everything.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	forks- used to clone code of others in git repository, git machines clones for us.
	clone- when we want to copy code to our working directory in our system.
	branch- when we want to work on new features, or the team member of our project wants to new code he can do it
		by creating a branch and make changes. Whenever we think it is necessary we can always merge.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	so that i can know which commit changes added by the other contributor to the git repository are present in my
local repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	It would be difficult especially if working on a big project. However we have to be careful in our changes and keep saving
the files in the working directory. Effective communication is must if not for github.
Nothing is easier when compared with how github operates
Sharing, merging manually would be difficult if two people make same logical changes using different code. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	when i am working in a project where i collaborate with others i cannot directly make changes to the master, so i work
on a branch instead so that others can checkout the changes